Three point seven million Canvas students just got their data breached—Instructure's security is the Crocs IPO of edtech governance: nobody asked for it, everyone's confused why it happened, and somehow it's still going public.
S&P five hundred up point zero five percent to seven thousand four hundred and four—basically a rounding error with a pulse. Nasdaq actually holding ground at twenty-six thousand one hundred and eighty-three, up point three six percent, because mega-cap tech decided to carry the entire market on its back like some kind of financial pack mule. Tesla up two point six eight percent, Oracle up two point fifteen. Meanwhile, the Dow is down point three four percent, which is the market's way of saying "mid-caps? Never heard of her."
So the Magnificent Seven are just flexing while everything else gets left behind?
The Russell two thousand down point five nine percent. It's less "Magnificent Seven" and more "everyone else is in a Zoom call they didn't want to be in." But here's the thing—the dollar's up because inflation data came in hotter than expected, so the Fed's probably not cutting rates anytime soon, which means nobody's rotating into anything risky. You stay in what you know works.
Okay but Accenture is getting absolutely murdered down five point six six percent—what happened there, that's insane.
Guidance miss. They cut their full-year forecast yesterday after close. Consulting is basically saying "yeah, the AI boom everyone's been hyping? Turns out clients are still waiting to see if it actually does anything useful." Thermo Fisher down two point seven one percent on similar vibes. Adobe down two point three seven. The whole "we're going to revolutionize every workflow" thesis just got a reality check.
So the Crocs IPO of edtech governance had friends—turns out the whole "AI will save consulting" was also the Crocs IPO of consulting governance.
Alibaba just reported core profit down eighty-four percent—that's not a miss, that's a crater—while the CEO is out here saying the AI return on investment is "extremely clear." So either they've seen something the rest of the market hasn't, or "clear" now means "we spent billions and have no idea what happens next."
↳ source: https://www.cnbc.com/2026/05/13/alibaba-earnings-march-quarter-ai-cloud-growth.html
Wait, eighty-four percent? That's not even a bad quarter, that's a full financial collapse. What actually happened—did they just dump everything into AI infrastructure?
Heavy investments in cloud computing, AI research, e-commerce infrastructure. Alibaba's basically choosing to burn cash on the altar of future relevance while their actual business—you know, the thing that makes money right now—gets left behind. It's the consulting playbook but with Chinese characteristics.
But hold on, if their core profit is down eighty-four percent, how is the CEO confident about AI R O I being "extremely clear"? That's not clear, that's a Rorschach test. You're just seeing what you want to see.
It's the same energy as Accenture cutting guidance while swearing AI is going to save them. These companies are just choosing violence with the word "clear."
The difference is Alibaba's actually burning real money—they're investing in their own infrastructure instead of just talking about it. So either they know something, or they're about to discover that "clear" and "catastrophic" rhyme for a reason. The market's going to make that call pretty fast.
So what you're saying is Alibaba took the Crocs IPO of consulting governance, added eighty-four percent profit loss, and decided that was the moment to double down on AI confidence. That's commitment issues with a nine-figure price tag.
Companies started getting tariff refunds this week after the Supreme Court ruled some of Trump's tariffs unconstitutional—and the market's basically pricing in that tariff theater has an expiration date. We're talking real money flowing back to corporations that overpaid.
↳ source: https://www.cnbc.com/2026/05/12/trump-tariff-refunds.html
How much are we talking, and which companies are actually getting the refunds?
Billions across the board—manufacturers, retailers, importers. The ruling said Trump exceeded his authority on certain tariff categories, so companies that challenged the levies are now getting settlements. It's the market finally realizing that "I have absolute power" doesn't actually work when there's a Supreme Court involved.
So this is the market saying tariffs were always theater and now we're getting the real bill?
Tariffs were real pain, but the legal framework wasn't. Companies spent years eating the costs, lobbying, filing suits—and now they're getting compensated. It's not a reversal of the policy, it's just the judiciary saying "okay, that specific version was illegal."
Got it. Moving on—Maya, you've got the Trump phone.
↳ source: https://www.theverge.com/gadgets/929471/trump-mobile-t1-phone-shipping-this-week
The Trump phone is shipping this week according to the CEO. The confidence level here is remarkable given that literally every supply chain expert has spent the last six months explaining how phones don't just materialize.
A CEO expressing confidence about shipping timelines. That's never been a red flag before.
Right? It's like announcing your restaurant is opening next Tuesday when you haven't installed the kitchen yet. The Trump phone CEO has chosen violence with the concept of "realistic expectations."
↳ source: https://www.theverge.com/gadgets/929471/trump-mobile-t1-phone-shipping-this-week
Is there any actual evidence the phones exist, or is this pure announcement theater?
Units supposedly started production, but we're in that beautiful moment where the CEO's confidence and actual supply chain reality are having a very different conversation. Check back in three weeks.
I'm sure it'll ship. And if it doesn't, the CEO will just say demand exceeded expectations and pivot to a waiting list model.
Amazon is integrating Alexa directly into Amazon.com, so now when you search for something, the AI assistant talks back to you. This stock has commitment issues and now it's literally moving in with itself.
↳ source: https://www.theverge.com/ai-artificial-intelligence/929457/amazon-announces-alexa-for-shopping-ai-assistant-rufus
Wait, so Alexa is now shopping with you on Amazon while also being owned by Amazon?
Exactly. It's the corporate equivalent of a character dating themselves. Amazon's trying to make shopping "conversational" but what they're really doing is adding another layer of data collection to the thing that already collects all your data.
At least they're consistent. Amazon's strategy is "if we own the platform and the assistant and the payment system, we can't lose." Spoiler alert: you can definitely lose if the assistant hallucinates your shopping list.
Alexa's going to recommend you seventeen things you didn't ask for and charge you for all of them while apologizing in that robotic voice.
Feature bloat masquerading as innovation. Amazon's already dominant in shopping—this is just making the experience more "AI" without solving any actual problem customers have.
Last one—Philippine Senate lockdown after gunshots. Police commandos entered the Philippine Senate building this week after gunshots were fired. This is geopolitical volatility creeping into markets' peripheral vision.
↳ source: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cnvp730yd52o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
The Philippines is a major manufacturing hub and semiconductor supply chain player. If political instability starts accelerating there, that's not just a headline, that's a supply chain risk.
Right—it's not just "something happened in Manila," it's "something happened in a country that makes stuff the world needs."
How much of the semiconductor supply chain actually runs through the Philippines?
Significant enough that any sustained political friction gets priced into chip stocks within hours. We're not at crisis level yet, but the market's definitely watching this one. One escalation and you're looking at tariff-adjacent supply chain panic.
↳ source: https://www.investors.com/market-trend/stock-market-today/stock-market-today-dow-jones-sp500-nasdaq-trump-xi-summit-nvidia-sandisk-micron-intel-nebius/?src=A00220&yptr=yahoo
So we went from tariff refunds being good news to potentially new tariff nightmares if geopolitical stuff destabilizes manufacturing regions.
The market giveth and the market taketh away—usually on the same day.
Putin just test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile and hailed it as Russia modernizing its nuclear forces. Meanwhile, American Social Security recipients are watching inflation eat their checks. So we've got nuclear escalation theater competing with domestic retirement collapse for "worst news of the day," and honestly, nobody wins that race.
↳ source: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/social-securitys-cola-could-rise-in-2027-boosted-by-war-impact-and-inflation-b5db35a6?mod=mw_rss_topstories
Is this a genuine military capability upgrade, or is this Putin doing the thing where he announces weapons systems that may or may not actually work?
The missile's been in development for years—it's real hardware, real range, real problem. But the timing of the announcement, the "hailing" of it, the messaging about combat service by year-end? That's pure theater. He's signaling resolve while his economy's already getting crushed by sanctions and military spending. It's the geopolitical equivalent of maxing out your credit card to buy a sports car you can't afford.
So Putin's basically saying "our nukes are getting better" while Russia's actually getting worse at everything else. That's not a flex, that's a cry for help dressed up as a military briefing.
On the tape tomorrow—what are we watching?
Markets are pricing in a soft landing narrative. The Fed's been quiet, but the data will speak louder.
And biotech earnings are dumping on the market tomorrow—May thirteenth is going to be a bloodbath. Abeona Therapeutics, Arbutus Biopharma, Altimmune, Alto Neuroscience, Aprea Therapeutics, Astrotech—six biotech names reporting in one day. That's not a coincidence, that's a sector-wide reckoning.
Why are all the biotech stocks reporting on the same day? Is that a calendar thing or are they all just choosing violence simultaneously?
Biotech earnings calendars cluster like this because of FDA timelines and fiscal year-end cycles. But the market doesn't care about the reason—it just sees six companies reporting and assumes they're all about to disappoint. One miss and the whole sector gets dragged down.
So tomorrow's basically "find out which biotech company's drug didn't work the way they hoped," and then the entire market decides biotech is dead for six months until it decides biotech is the future again. It's the Crocs IPO of sector rotation—nobody knows why it's happening, everyone's just along for the ride.
So tomorrow's biotech massacre. That's a fun setup.
Alibaba's profit collapsed eighty-four percent while the CEO announced AI confidence like he'd just discovered fire—that's not a strategy gap, that's a man describing a different company than the one he actually runs. It's the equivalent of your house being on fire and your realtor insisting the open-concept kitchen is really coming together.
So Alibaba's basically saying "our money's gone but our PowerPoint is immaculate," and the market's just nodding along because at least someone in the room sounds certain about something.
This show is for entertainment and education only — nothing here is investment advice.